"Why will a Tesla scandal be exciting?"
"I’m sorry” and “I apologize” mean the same thing..."
"Knock - Knock Who's there?"
"Did you hear about the new German microwave?"
"Where do robo-babies come from?"
"What did the doe say when it left the forest?"
"What did the indian child say to his mother before he left for school?"
"Why was the electrochemical cell arrested?"
"What kind of soda did moses drink?"
"What do you call a dead composer?"
"I hate people who make cancer jokes."
"main difference between /news/ mods and north korea?"
"How do you foil a plan?"
"Did you hear about the french cheese factory explosion?"
"My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture."
"My addiction to computer gaming started when my family bought a PC in the 90's..."
"Why didn't Darwin cut off his beard?"
"Why did the horse feel famous on reddit?"
"Where do pirates store their files?"
"What did they say about the atheist seminary?"
"What did the capitalist uncle say to his soviet nephew?"
"How can you tell the gender of a chromosome?"
"How does reddit feel about civil war jokes?"
"A German taught me how to crack eggs today."
"Why did the man on LSD cross the road?"
"What do you get for a nun who wears men's clothes and likes outdated electronics?"
"What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant?"
"Plastics I recently gave up plastic straws and plastics in general."
"What do you call a group of friends who happen to be Muslims?"
"The snow in the UK is pretty bad right now So I thought I’d check on my elderly 85 year old neighbour Valerie to see if she needed anything from the shops."
"Why does jesus jaywalk?"
"Why i un-installed league of legends."
"Why did princess leia cry at the end of return of the jedi?"
"Find a girl who's a good driver."
"Why did the cat cross the road?"
"The other night me and my girlfriend had an argument.."
"Fruit by the foot, but no meat by the meter?"
"/r/jokes Must be full of insecure men..."
"What happens when two same pokemons meet eachother?"
"Know why Trump supporters are so obsessed with "cuck"?"
"What has a bottom at its top?"